---
layout: post
title: "Ideas Need Action"
featured-img: abundance/fountain_fotoshoot_2
featured: true
categories: [Story]
cost: 0.99
successFileName: success_donation
---

# Ideas need action
Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now. Today, while trying to find something lost, I found something much greater. This is just placeholder text for now!


## Donate today!
{% include paypalpayment.html %}
